okay so if you want to bake potato or a
jacket potatoes as we call it over here
in England in a relatively short amount
of time and also one that comes out
really crispy on the outside and nice
and fluffy on the inside this is a way
of doing it I tweaked it in the
microwave basically for three minutes
first of all which basically just speeds
up the cooking process in the main oven
instead of using a tray I'll use a piece
of aluminium foil remember to poke the
edges in these little things here stops
the Roll falling out when you're trying
to pull the fall out and I make a little
tray so if you're in a hurry it stops
you know it means you don't have to do
any washing up I'll make a little tray
like this and then I give it some tricks
with the fork and then I put it in the
microwave okay so three minutes in there
okay so potato has been in the back way
for three minutes so all that's done has
just made the inside slightly softer
which speeds up the process of browning
it off and crisping it up in the oven
when I put it in the microwave I turned
on the fan oven to about 210 degrees
which is about 410 Fahrenheit so it's
all warm and ready for when I put it in
so the reason I put in this little
phrase that it just saves on mass and
it's saving it's just a bit of a
time-saving exercise so what I want to
do now is almost cover it in oil I use
this fry light which is quite quite
handy for getting oil on it's a bit of
that and then I sprinkle some salt on it
and this just having it in this little
metal tray stops this the mess going on
the on the worktop and there we go so
it's got a sprinkle of salt will over it
some all over it to crisp it up and now
I'm going to put it in the oven
at 25 minutes in the oven and as you can
see it's nice and crisp on the outside
the nice texture and just a test that
the inside is done you just poke a knife
through it if it slips through easily
you know the inside is done now all
that's left to do transfer it to a bar
and if you want to get your jacket
potato to stand upright when it's got
its fillings in it just cut it along the
length and then just along the other way
four fingers just pinch and there you go
it's ready for your toppings